docs(scopes): update manual documentation on where scope merging (#14202)
sequelize/sequelize: docs/manual/other-topics/upgrade-to-v7.md

// but it works in v7
User.findByPk(1);
```

> ### Merge where conditions in scope using the `and` operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `where` clauses of scopes are merged using the `and` operator
```

In Sequelize v6, using multiple scopes sharing where conditions on the same attributes were merged by overwriting those very conditions.

For instance:

```js

> YourModel.addScope('scope1', {
>   where: {
>     firstName: 'bob',
>     age: {
>       [Op.gt]: 20
>     }
>   },
>   limit: 2
> });
> YourModel.addScope('scope2', {
>   where: {
>     age: {
>       [Op.lt]: 30
>     }
>   },
>   limit: 10

Reviewer: I've got to make the linter run on md files too

```suggestion
YourModel.addScope('scope1', {
  where: {
    firstName: 'bob',
    age: {
      [Op.gt]: 20,
    },
  },
  limit: 2,
});
YourModel.addScope('scope2', {
  where: {
    age: {
      [Op.lt]: 30,
    },
  },
  limit: 10,
```

});
```

> Using `.scope('scope1', 'scope2')` would have yield the following WHERE clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `.scope('scope1', 'scope2')` would have yielded the following WHERE clause:
```
